Addition of the Fee Grant guide (#342)
archway-network/archway-docs: content/2.developers/3.guides/5.fee-grant/3.utilize-grant.md

---

objectID: developers|guides|fee-grant|utilize-grant
title: Utilizing grant allowances
description: Instructions on how to utilize allowances assigned from the fee grant module
parentSection: Developers
parentSectionPath: /developers
---

#  Using grant allowances to execute transactions

> As one of the pimary use case of the Fee Grant module is to help with onboarding new users, this section of the guide will show how to allow users to execute transactions using the allowance granted to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As one of the primary use case of the Fee Grant module is to help with onboarding new users, this section of the guide will show how to allow users to execute transactions using the allowance granted to them.
```

## Query a grant allowance

> Now that an allowance has been assigned to a account address, you should be able to verify the details of that grant. The returned information will include the granter's address, the allowance amount, and any other conditions set by the granter, such as the expiration date of the allowance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that an allowance has been assigned to an account address, you should be able to verify the details of that grant. The returned information will include the granter's address, the allowance amount, and any other conditions set by the granter, such as the expiration date of the allowance. 
```

```

**Results**:

```
allowance:
  '@type': /cosmos.feegrant.v1beta1.BasicAllowance
  expiration: null
  spend_limit:
  - amount: "4806067100000000000"
    denom: aconst
grantee: archway1vve3d5u89h966t8kcvemwu88rnzzgcqxvkuj4s
granter: archway1u0p8vfpf5gjwje84073x0d6w40vm2s25603359
```

This can also be achieved via the following API endpoint where **api_endpoint** is an API endpoint connected to one of the Archway networks (Testnet or Mainnet). **granter** is the address that granted the allowance and **grantee** is the address that received the allowance:

```
{api_endpoint}/cosmos/feegrant/v1beta1/allowance/{granter}/{grantee}
```

**Results**:

```
{
  "allowance": {
    "granter": "archway1u0p8vfpf5gjwje84073x0d6w40vm2s25603359",
    "grantee": "archway1vve3d5u89h966t8kcvemwu88rnzzgcqxvkuj4s",
    "allowance": {
      "@type": "/cosmos.feegrant.v1beta1.BasicAllowance",
      "spend_limit": [
        {
          "denom": "aconst",
          "amount": "4806067100000000000"
        }
      ],
      "expiration": null
    }
  }
}
```

## Creating a Transaction

> Just like any other transaction on **Archway**, a transaction that will use a granted allowance for fees must include certain information, such as the type of transaction (i.e., the message). Instead of the normal fee object, the transaction should include the granter's account which will pay the transaction fee. <!--So instead of setting the **fee** value to **auto** we use the **calculateFee** method to dynamically generate the fee but also pluggin in the **feeGranterAddress** which is the address of the **granter** that will cover the fees.--> This is accomplished by doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like any other transaction on **Archway**, a transaction that will use a granted allowance for fees must include certain information, such as the type of transaction (i.e., the message). Instead of the normal fee object, the transaction should include the granter's account which will pay the transaction fee. <!--So instead of setting the **fee** value to **auto** we use the **calculateFee** method to dynamically generate the fee, it should be added the **feeGranterAddress** which is the address of the **granter** that will cover the fees.--> This is accomplished by doing the following:
```
